
Ruby on Rails Software Engineer Assignment

You work as a Software Developer on the IT team, you are one of the people in the team responsible for developing new features for the system, and performing maintenance tasks like bug-fixes. You've just got a new ticket assigned to you by your product-owner, below you'll find the ticket and the information.

We require you to create a solution for the given ticket. We'd like you to implement a minimum of the following requirements:
* Preferably as ruby-gem
* Git enabled (we'd like to see commits)
* Make your solution repeatable for other metrics as well
* Add unit-test(s)
* Provide instructions how to run your solution

Enclosed you'll find a zip containing candidate test results, so you do not need to connect with an API endpoint, but you can use the payload directly.

We estimate this assignment to take up to 2 hours. Please do not spend more than 3 hours.



TICKET #1145

Description

Three candidate have completed the tests on the system, however the reporting-tool does not give us score for metric: `organisatiegerichtheid`. We need these metrics because our customer is waiting for the results to see which person is the best fit for his organisation.

Make a program that extracts the required information.

Expected behaviour

We expected a score between 0/100 for `organisatiegerichtheid` for candidates: 8cb1fd, 6abf98, and 0a0cc1.

Desired solution

We need a way to extract this information from the system, we probably want to replace the way the current reporting works, make in such a way that the solution is repeatable.
